Updated node glossary entries. (#359)
BitcoinDesign/Guide: guide/glossary.md

- [Proposal](https://eprint.iacr.org/2018/068) in the Cryptology ePrint archive

> ### Nodes

Reviewer: there's are some linking opportunities and a fix necessary on the principles page with these additions.

- https://bitcoin.design/guide/designing-products/principles/#decentralization

Also consider most terms in the glossary currently are singular  (besides "Keys") not sure if that was a conscious decision or not, but seems reasonable to think of each object as a singular thing being described vs a group.

Author: Fixed the link issue, reverted back to just node instead of nodes. 

Yes it was intentional, I think these are relevant terms that should be grouped together. Keys is singular still (though I was planning on grouping that section also).

### Node

> A node refers to a Bitcoin client that participates in the Bitcoin network.

Reviewer 2: TBH, I prefer the original text. find the term "Bitcoin client" confusing (software is more direct) and think that explaining the term "participates" is important.

Reviewer 2: I've mostly been using `application` to refer to software, as the term `app` has become so mainstream.

Author: it relates to the Bitcoin Client entry earlier on in the glossary. Application sounds too broad and encompasses software that does not connect to and/or run the Bitcoin network.

#### Full nodes

> Full nodes are Bitcoin clients that fully verify and enforce the rules of the Bitcoin network. An example of a rule is that there will only ever be 21 million bitcoin.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Full nodes are Bitcoin clients that fully verify and enforce the rules of the Bitcoin network. An example of a rule is that there will never be more than 21 million bitcoin.
```

Author: Good suggestion

> Full nodes are Bitcoin clients that fully verify and enforce the rules of the Bitcoin network. An example of a rule is that there will never be more than 21 million bitcoin.

Reviewer 2: I think we need to explain somewhere (not necessarily here) what it means that the node verifies and enforces rules. Breaking the topic of nodes out into a separate page will allow us to do that.

Reviewer 2: Also think that the visual hierarchy is problematic as H3 and H4 headers are really hard to distinguish. Maybe go for bullets or H5 instead?

Author: A nodes chapter maybe ;)

Reviewer 2: Yeah, we should wrap up this PR and start working on #78.

##### Archival full node

A full node that stores the entire Bitcoin block chain, as well as sends historical data to other nodes.

##### Pruned full node

A full node that uses much lower storage capacity as it only stores a portion of recent blocks. 

#### Light nodes

> Light nodes are Bitcoin clients that do not verify or enforce the rules of the Bitcoin network.

Reviewer 2: Reading this description makes me ask what the point of light nodes is if they don't verify or enforce rules. What are they good at/for?

Author: This first description explains it in a general, low level whilst the SPV / Neutrino entries give examples as to what they are good for

##### Simplified payment verification (SPV) light node

A light node that queries and downloads block headers from full nodes making it possible for users to verify transactions without running a full node. 

- [Bitcoin Wiki SPV](https://en.bitcoinwiki.org/wiki/Simplified_Payment_Verification)
- [Bitcoin whitepaper - section 8](https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf)

##### Neutrino light node

> A light node that uses the Neutrino protocol. The Neutrino protocol uses compact block filters to query and download condensed representations of blocks that contain transaction data relevant to the user.

Reviewer 2: Would also be good to state here why this is beneficial, but maybe that also has to wait for a dedicated node page.

Author: If we eventually have a nodes chapter I think this can be detailed more there. Glossary's should be very short, succinct definitions not explanations imo.

**Technicalities** - Recovery of multisig-wallets needs both the extended public key and the recovery phrase of all paticipating keys as well as the master key fingerprint as defined by BIP32 concatenated with the derivation path of the public key. The derivation path is represented as 32-bit little endian unsigned integer indexes concatenated with each other. The number of 32 bit unsigned integer indexes must match the depth provided in the extended public key.

**References:**

> - [WabiSabi](https://github.com/zkSNACKs/WabiSabi/blob/master/explainer.md)

Reviewer 2: Unrelated to this PR, but noticed that this reference is for CoinJoin info but placed below the SPV paragraph. We should address that in a separate PR.

Author: Opened a PR for this https://github.com/BitcoinDesign/Guide/pull/373
